Let's start with the basics, with a simple transition. Consider this case, we have an element which currently
is not attached to the dom,
let's say some div and we use v-if or v-show to trigger or to check some condition, whether this should
be attached to the dom.
Now the condition becomes true, resolves to true so the elements should be attached
and right now, we used v-if, v-show and that instantly attached it or instantly removed it.
Well we could and also animate the attaching to the dom
and then it would also be nice if you could animate the removal from the dom
so once we click the button again, let's say, so that in the end state we still don't have the element
maybe
but we animated both the appearance and the removal.
Well we can do this with a specific element or component, a wrapper vuejs offers us, this transition
element.
So let's have a closer look at this in the next video.